README.md, before:

# JS Book Library

> A simple library app built to practice Javascript

![screenshot](./screenshot.png)

- Users can click a button to show/hide the form to add a new book
- The application displays all the books that have been added to the library
- Users can delete books

## Built With

- HTML
- Javascript
- Sass
- [Bulma.io](https://bulma.io)


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Setup

1.  Clone this repository with
    `git clone https://github.com/m15e/library-javascript.git` using your terminal or command line.
2.  Change to the project directory by entering `cd library-javascript` in the terminal
3.  Next open the folder with an IDE like VSCode.
4.  Install the LiveServer Extension on VSCode.
5.  Once installed hit the "Go Live" button on the bottom right hand of your editor.
6.  The application should automatically open in a browser window.


## Authors

👤 **Mark Rode**

- Github: [@m15e](https://github.com/m15e)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse
- The Odin Project

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

FIX removed export default, as was breaking page

README.md, after:

# JS Book Library

> A simple restaurant page built to practice JavaScript

![screenshot](./screenshot.png)

- The website dynamically loads each element using only JavaScript

## Built With

- HTML
- Javascript
- Sass


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Setup

1.  Clone this repository with
    `git clone https://github.com/m15e/js-restaurant-page.git` using your terminal or command line.
2.  Change to the project directory by entering `cd js-restaurant-page` in the terminal
3.  Next open the folder with an IDE like VSCode.
4.  Install the LiveServer Extension on VSCode.
5.  Once installed hit the "Go Live" button on the bottom right hand of your editor.
6.  The application should automatically open in a browser window.


## Authors

👤 **Mark Rode**

- Github: [@m15e](https://github.com/m15e)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse
- [Momofuku](https://momofuku.com/) 
- The Odin Project

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
